Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Fire Tablet: Hi.
Fire Tablet: Hold on, I got my headphones are working
Gwenevere Abriel: To check check check check check check check check me out.
Fire Tablet: What's not working. It's
Fire Tablet: One.
Fire Tablet: You try it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Check, check, check, check, check.
Gwenevere Abriel: Check, check, check. Testing, testing 123
Gwenevere Abriel: Visual therapy. Yes. Hi.
Fire Tablet: Let me turn you
Gwenevere Abriel: Megan gay
Fire Tablet: Okay, there we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: You were born, the year
Gwenevere Abriel: I graduated high school
Fire Tablet: The year of the dragon.
Gwenevere Abriel: Man.
Fire Tablet: That's okay.
Is it
Fire Tablet: It does. I'm not gonna lie, because you don't look
Fire Tablet: much older than me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, that's because of this Photoshop thing on zoom. God Bless America and their
Fire Tablet: Technology, you know, you got genes from days.
She's
Gwenevere Abriel: Just
Gwenevere Abriel: She's a pretty little old lady she
Fire Tablet: But she's really like she looks very good for her age.
Fire Tablet: And she's the level one.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to go with that lively
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, indeed, a plenty lively. It's so interesting to watch you to because right I have all this, I watch her interacting with all my clients and I know all y'all stories, right. I know the underlying dynamics and to see to see these things happening in group.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm like, man, just yeah it's rich we hadn't
Fire Tablet: Met an interesting group.
Gwenevere Abriel: I had an interesting group because there were only two to clients and Dr Arielle and I was like, well, it really, you know, I'm only supposed to do it with three but I'm like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm here anyway. So we had a straight up process group where people were cross talking and talking to Dr. Gabriel and she was a big part of it. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: And it was a it was a real Process Group I you know that I kind of had a longing for for you to be there to see to see what was going on in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: But anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you feeling about
Gwenevere Abriel: Her and you How you guys doing
Fire Tablet: Um,
Fire Tablet: It's it's a weird. We're very different people and
Fire Tablet: It's not that I don't respect her. I do respect her. But
Fire Tablet: She
Fire Tablet: I don't even think she realizes that she's doing it when she talks to me. She talks at me.
Fire Tablet: And not to me and it feels
Fire Tablet: Like an attack. A lot of the time.
Fire Tablet: So, it bothers me. And I'm not, I don't do well with attacks as we both know show I I naturally want to turn into a viper and just lashed out which she doesn't deserve, but it's the only response that I know.
Fire Tablet: Right now.
Fire Tablet: And I'm dealing with so much drama at work and drama at home and drama just drama and it's like
Fire Tablet: I don't know.
Fire Tablet: So I did want to tell you though.
Before I forget,
Fire Tablet: I talked to a neurologist yesterday about my headaches, migraines, and they started me on imitrex
Okay.
Fire Tablet: And they up to my medication for nausea, does your friend. Okay.
Fire Tablet: To let somebody know
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah I do, let Dr have real know that that that's part of I have this nobody lets me do it anymore. But I have a little list of things I asked. I liked when I was
Gwenevere Abriel: Running that part. But anyway, so I often ask, are there any new medications or any discharge medication. So that would be one. When you see her say I have a new medication if you can really know when you started imitrex and how many milligrams
Fire Tablet: I am going to go pick it up today, but it's 100 milligrams
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we'll pick it up today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm putting it in a note, but she doesn't read them. She's doing other things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we got imitrex 100 milligrams will pick up today, and then up this open
Fire Tablet: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: To address me just put
Gwenevere Abriel: A dress.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go in. We know we've got this, this one piece of time together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just see at the end of it sort of projecting forward and in time and our forward, seeing how do you want to feel
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want to have reviewed learned experienced just check in and see what you want from today, see if we can get you there.
Fire Tablet: Well, I think I want to work on em, Dr.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right.
Fire Tablet: Um, and I
Fire Tablet: I did a drawing of my. Well, I started it. It's not done. But I started it.
Fire Tablet: With my door.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yes. Oh my gosh.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's beautiful.
Fire Tablet: So I'm working on that. And I also did I practice on the drawing.
Fire Tablet: To try to start focusing, I think.
Fire Tablet: As practice and I and I drew
Fire Tablet: What started my where's the
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yeah.
Fire Tablet: My daughter, but it's not quite
Fire Tablet: It's not amazing
Gwenevere Abriel: The eyes are just so powerful.
Fire Tablet: That's what everybody always says about her.
Fire Tablet: That's my focus is her eyes, since the day she was born. That's been the compliment of decades. I swear.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me that is that little like
Fire Tablet: Reaching to your soul.
Fire Tablet: They did art.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's like it's intense
Fire Tablet: Let me get
Gwenevere Abriel: Yourself set up. I'm going to go see if I can let
Gwenevere Abriel: me make this a little
Warmer
Gwenevere Abriel: did think about
Gwenevere Abriel: Darren song.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to check on it with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually, it was a significant event that happened. I found it a significant event.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I guess I'm nervous because
Gwenevere Abriel: We see each other once a week. We don't have ongoing text communication we so I worry that
Gwenevere Abriel: Somehow I won't be able to take care of you enough I'll flood you and overwhelm you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's my truth. What has this last week been for you.
Fire Tablet: Um, so I was actually wondering about the reaching out part because I'm like, should I start doing that more. I'm very used to being
Fire Tablet: Alone and dealing with it alone. And I know that the cards are always there for you, but I don't want to bother you. And I don't want to
Fire Tablet: Have like interrupt family time and stuff like that for you and other people's time with you because you're important to a lot more than just me, you know,
Fire Tablet: But I was thinking about that.
Fire Tablet: Because
Fire Tablet: This is, I mean, since we did that session.
Fire Tablet: And still there.
Fire Tablet: Yeah, I definitely got more irritable.
Fire Tablet: Definitely
Fire Tablet: And I also, I'm trying. I noticed something that I don't feel really good about but like I'm
Fire Tablet: Looking for inappropriate behaviors that aren't there.
Gwenevere Abriel: A scanning I call that scanning like you're ready for for somebody to is it to do something wrong you like really that's what you're Scott without that, that that's offensive and like that. Like, like I was talking about.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Fire Tablet: Yeah, but it's sexualized
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, at work, or where were mostly that happening at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a lot of it in the world, there's
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of our jokes revolve around it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Things like that. So, but let's back up to, let's talk first about the outreach part. This is what I tell my clients. Number one, I give what I have to give
Gwenevere Abriel: And so I'm really specific about it. And the first time I meet with them and it's been a while since you've probably heard this and maybe I never even said it because you were one of my earlier clients right is I say, here's my
Gwenevere Abriel: Cell phone I use it for scheduling, you're not going to get psychotherapy from me on my phone, but I never want you guys to feel like you're going through a difficult time alone. It's just this horrible sort of suffering experience when you think, here I am having this awful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Experience and I'm doing it alone. I'm alone in this suffering. So what I tell people, as I say, you can share with me. Please do.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know yours might be something like today really sucks. Feel like everybody's after me. Lots of people are trying to be sexy AND IT'S PISSING ME OFF or whatever your truth is right and and the problem is
Gwenevere Abriel: Right in what I say back because you won't get this because there's no way I text will work. So we would have to have an agreement about what I can say back emoji back my preference would be
Gwenevere Abriel: Something like that. Sounds like a difficult day do you need to meet sooner but I know you've got some financial constraints and I don't want to be insulting and say, well, if you know I can't, like, that's why. Even a simple text.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can get myself into a shit storm. It's so that's why it's so risky my preference would be, we already have a pre sorted determined way that I can. I can show you I'm here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Without adding confusion and and context, you didn't already have this is really, really difficult and I haven't got it completely figured out yet, but I do know, I want you to have access to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: To contact me so that in those moments when it's either. I'm going to burn or I'm going to text when text me every time.
Fire Tablet: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: I see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Fire Tablet: But no, I see exactly what you mean. And I mean I if I if I absolutely needed to
Fire Tablet: schedule a meeting, I would finances. Yeah, but like I think finance, like if I had to do it. Like if it was to that point, I would just pay for it and do it in and adjust funds at that point.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's kick a response.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to say what my preferences. I like to be able to say, that sounds like you're going through a really difficult time. Do you want to meet sooner and I want to be able to send an emoji or a little flower or something. And sometimes, you know what I think about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I look at my little emojis. And I'm like, I have some that I want to send to you, but I never want to like a friend you so
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I want to know if I can do these little
Gwenevere Abriel: These little I like my little fairy one but there's there's some in here. I want to send these little masks. Like I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you ever, like any of the, the little, the little devil mask or like these little, like, what, what emotions. Do you like when you send them to
Gwenevere Abriel: Your friend.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you like
Fire Tablet: Like I'll put a pile of poop.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can
Gwenevere Abriel: Watch it, you can send me a moment. You can say
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel like a battleship, you can send out, but I've got to have something that I can send that sends the message I'm sending you know love and light and compassion and containment. I want to send something that has that flavor to it.
Fire Tablet: What are you thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I like my little fairy. I like, I like to ferry one that's like what I really like my Fairy.
Fire Tablet: Like my Fairy. That's cute.
I like
Gwenevere Abriel: Like flowers. But then you think about your tattoos and I and I start to get into, like other imagery. Are there any images on there on your tattoos. Some of the ink maybe something
Fire Tablet: So on my tattoos.
Fire Tablet: I have
Fire Tablet: A Daisy for my Nana.
Gwenevere Abriel: Daisy.
Fire Tablet: And
Fire Tablet: I have my there Lily's on my shoulders.
Fire Tablet: And I have
Fire Tablet: There there sparrows on my chest. One of my son. And one of my daughter and then their music notes and their birthdates but the music notes are from their lullaby. And then their initial in their birthdates and they all connect into a heart.
Fire Tablet: Center of me.
Fire Tablet: I have a cherry blossom tree on my ankle.
Fire Tablet: And I have a Victorian skull on my thigh.
Gwenevere Abriel: So one. That's one of the ones I wanted to know. I'm going to send you a couple CP if any of these work that's
Gwenevere Abriel: All thing that I thought about
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it
Gwenevere Abriel: What kind of a skull.
Fire Tablet: I
Fire Tablet: Have my underwear on. Can I show you, or in my pants.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can stop the recording for a second.
Fire Tablet: is backed by by seven. I was asleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I got it. And I don't catch them because I'm really doing it because I'm falling asleep asleep. I just get up really early. Okay, so now I want to try something.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's do this. What is, what is your
Gwenevere Abriel: whenever you've had, like, a voice a positive voice, whether it was, you know, it's sort of nanas voice or maybe it was my voice or someone's voice telling you a message. What is the statement that you hear what's the positive statement.
Fire Tablet: You are enough is from you.
Fire Tablet: My Nana used to call me Fanny am
Fire Tablet: Yeah.
Fire Tablet: You go, I love you.
Fire Tablet: And
Fire Tablet: One that Andrew says to me a lot is, you are safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the you are enough part
Gwenevere Abriel: Would if I were to send it in, in an avatar looking thing, what would be one you would like
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not going to do the pilot. I'm not doing the pilot share
Fire Tablet: That sounds important to you.
Fire Tablet: I like to add
Gwenevere Abriel: That sounds important to me.
Fire Tablet: Yeah, oh yeah, I have been using it quite a lot, but like, not just for
Fire Tablet: Like that sounds important or like I'll say
Fire Tablet: Good morning, non
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the
Gwenevere Abriel: Trick that's that's a little hack, you've got going on oh if I were to send you one. With this owl.
Fire Tablet: What's the next one.
Fire Tablet: Mr out
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, there's some pretty cool ones in here.
Fire Tablet: There's like a board that that way. The other way.
Fire Tablet: Or the other the other way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, there's this guy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, he's pretty cute. This guy.
Gwenevere Abriel: All the giraffe is
Gwenevere Abriel: Cute. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we can do
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a little cow.
Fire Tablet: He's still all. I like that. There it is. That's the one.
Fire Tablet: Okay. That's the one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so here we go. I'm going to do it right now. I'm ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are enough
I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like it sounded a little too firm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like you are enough like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Higher porosity. Let's get. Let me get rid of that one. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's so funny because its mouth is moving as I'm moving. Is this his mouth is really teeny tiny because he's just a little squid.
Fire Tablet: Okay, so cute though. I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are enough
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that one. I just sent. So let's see. Let's see if you like that guy.
Gwenevere Abriel: See it sounds
Fire Tablet: Good.
Fire Tablet: Oh, I love it. That's so good, like a nice smile. It's perfect.
Fire Tablet: Perfect. That'll work perfect
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, like those guys to. All right, so we've got that.
Fire Tablet: Yeah.
Fire Tablet: That's good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you said you wanted to do, em, er, and something interesting. So how about can we talk about it for just a minute, just I really still want to make sure it's a safe thing to do. So I'll just talk about what may
Fire Tablet: Not be, I don't know. I
Fire Tablet: Just have high hopes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exactly. So I kind of want to instead just come at it from what I was noticing this weekend so I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: I received a
Gwenevere Abriel: satire of that song. It was so weird. I received a satire of it this weekend, and it's around Trump
Fire Tablet: And though.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, do you like do you like Trump
Fire Tablet: I hate him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's why I thought of you. Well, obviously I thought of you because of the song and I was like, Oh, good grief. I could tolerate it. But of course, I was thinking she would she be able to tolerate this probably not. What do I do with this. So, right. So I'm just so you know.
Fire Tablet: That was
Fire Tablet: That's affiliating something else.
Fire Tablet: I get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so it's it's a complete it is the resounding let's see what happens with this because you're probably already feeling a little activation now right
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's try this say this slowly with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: VO
Gwenevere Abriel: Yay.
Fire Tablet: Oh,
Fire Tablet: Oh, absolutely.
Fire Tablet: Support that
Gwenevere Abriel: So what's happening is these random people on zoom or whatever their little video are singing it they're singing it. You know, like, get rid of this guy. And there's one one singer is taking all of the words of you know that song and twisting it into the White House is doing this and
Gwenevere Abriel: It's, it's really
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a winner academy award or whatever that musical award is that it's, it's, yeah. So I was thinking about you. So we got this far. How you doing,
Fire Tablet: I'm okay i when you said that and the song sort of playing in my head, but I put vote him away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Fire Tablet: So, but it's a but the tune is there.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's in it's in a noxious tuned to begin with.
Fire Tablet: I yeah and it's and it's not even the actual song itself, it's the word over and over and I truly believe that he got that word from watching a center.
Fire Tablet: And I will not watch that movie. Yeah.
Fire Tablet: So what if we just heard the Lion King. Yeah.
This
Gwenevere Abriel: So for now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see what happens when instead you do vote ham, a way
Fire Tablet: To yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So just for now. That's all do that with that. Just let that go in the background. Now let me hear what's the name of the lullaby that you have those notes on your chest. What is that several a boy.
Fire Tablet: Okay, so
Fire Tablet: Do you know
Fire Tablet: You'll be in my heart.
Fire Tablet: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I can see that when that those early those first lines right out the gate around safety and woof.
Fire Tablet: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the key.
Fire Tablet: So they
Fire Tablet: When I would sing it to them. They just, they just loved it.
Fire Tablet: Hold on one second.
Fire Tablet: Okay, um,
Fire Tablet: So I when they were little, I would sing a song to them, but they still ask for for that song.
Fire Tablet: All the time and
Fire Tablet: My daughter, especially, but I was gonna get
Fire Tablet: I don't know. But though I wanted their music because that song is important to me. I sang it when like I used to put my headphones on my belly.
Fire Tablet: And I would play the song into my belly and JJ would stop kicking me
Fire Tablet: And rolling cuz he did like somersaults inside of me like he was so tiny and pre meet, but he would roll around and I would get nauseous and
Fire Tablet: I used to put my headphones on my belly and he would just kind of start kicking a little bit and then he just chilled out and then McKenna didn't like the headphone thing. I felt that I would stand there and just sway my belly and sing the song, and she would also calm down.
Fire Tablet: But they that song is just a big, important thing to me.
Fire Tablet: That definitely helped
Fire Tablet: Yeah, I saw what you did. That was very good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fun and i and i really i like it i love the words and he's got a lovely voice really like it.
Fire Tablet: And I think another thing why I picked that song so
Fire Tablet: My dad that's a happy memory for me is my dad in us in the car. He would always sing songs or songs would come on the radio. And he'd be like, who sings it. And what year
Fire Tablet: And we would have to get it and I got really good at the game and but I remember watching my dad. He actually has a really good singing voice for male
Fire Tablet: And he would sing like Phil Collins coming in the air tonight.
Fire Tablet: And so when I hear that song or eagles Hotel California, it always makes me think of my dad. So I think that those songs are happy songs and they all flow into one another.
Gwenevere Abriel: Another thing I noticed is this this way thing you just did.
Gwenevere Abriel: That had a positive effect on you as well as Canada.
Fire Tablet: Yeah. Uh, well, when she was inside of me. She was a kicker. And she always put her feet, and my ribs and I hated it. So if I would sit there and seeing. And I would just stand up late and I would just take the whole video and I would just
Uh huh.
Fire Tablet: And she would come down and she's going lower and
Fire Tablet: I like McKenna's pregnancy was really hard because
Fire Tablet: Joel left me pregnant.
Fire Tablet: So I lost 19 pounds with her inside of me. I was so depressed.
Fire Tablet: And her pregnancy was really, really bad. So when she came out, I just remember apologizing to her. The day that she was born, I apologize to her so much, and I just told her, because I gave birth to her on my own.
Fire Tablet: And I just said, I'm so sorry that I couldn't keep our family together and I'm so sorry I let you down.
Fire Tablet: We're gonna, we're going to make this work. And it was just really, really tough for her pregnancy was tough. The birth was tough and
Fire Tablet: attaching to her was tough.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about the attachment
Fire Tablet: Um,
Fire Tablet: It was different than when it was with on this record, it was different than it was with j and j was
Fire Tablet: It was just different, and
Fire Tablet: With her it was guilt.
Fire Tablet: Just utter guilt and a reminder of all of my failures.
Fire Tablet: And
Fire Tablet: I'm
Fire Tablet: I just didn't feel like
Fire Tablet: I could be close to her.
Fire Tablet: I'm like, I was gonna let her down.
Fire Tablet: Even even like just Jared would like to sleep in bed with me and he wanted to always be with me and because to me, and for the first few years of her life.
Fire Tablet: It just felt like we were very separated and we went to family therapy.
Fire Tablet: And we did family therapy and we did exercises of me trying to understand her because she has ADHD and sensory processing.
Fire Tablet: She was overwhelming to me. Yeah.
Fire Tablet: Very, very, very overwhelming.
Fire Tablet: Impulsive and
Fire Tablet: Wanting to touch and come into my space and it just wanted me to push her further away.
Fire Tablet: So,
Fire Tablet: Yeah, really. It really, really sucked. And some of that is very much still still there, but not just with her with Gareth as well. But I noticed that
Fire Tablet: It was worse with her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something you said just now.
Be
Gwenevere Abriel: A target for us to
Gwenevere Abriel: Explore later meaning.
Gwenevere Abriel: There might be some connection to
Gwenevere Abriel: When I attach to.
Gwenevere Abriel: McKenna.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm reminded in my failure. And so there might be this odd.
Gwenevere Abriel: Link That got made because it was hearing you talk about that you somehow let her down, you failed to keep the family together, even though this person clearly wasn't healthy and somehow you're blaming yourself for it. So there's some maybe some
Fire Tablet: There was also something else though.
Fire Tablet: What up, came up with her, I was when I found out that she was a girl.
Fire Tablet: I was terrified.
Yeah.
Fire Tablet: I was like,
Fire Tablet: Somebody's gonna hurt her somebody's gonna take advantage of her somebody's going to
Fire Tablet: Destroy her and I brought her into the world. It's my phone because I set her up for
Fire Tablet: For pain.
Fire Tablet: And she's so special and. She's so beautiful. I would hate to see her soul destroying
Gwenevere Abriel: And ultimately, it's your fault because you gave birth to her.
Fire Tablet: Hi. Yeah, I brought her into the world. I chose to get pregnant. Well, she was a surprise and unexpected blessing, but
Fire Tablet: I wasn't ready. That's another thing I wasn't ready for another baby. I wasn't ready for
Fire Tablet: The first baby but I definitely wasn't ready and when I found out I wasn't happy and I felt guilty.
I understand.
Fire Tablet: So,
Fire Tablet: Yeah, I think that's still really flexes me and
Fire Tablet: Even when we went through family therapy. I learned a lot of things on how I could help her. And I could help me with her.
Fire Tablet: Which he's
Fire Tablet: He's
Fire Tablet: All the things that I wish I was
Fire Tablet: And all the things that I think I should stay far away from
Gwenevere Abriel: She's all the things you wish you were
Fire Tablet: Beautiful so away from
Fire Tablet: Yes, so I don't destroy it, so I don't
Fire Tablet: Damage it so I don't
Fire Tablet: Heard it
Fire Tablet: Cuz he's really so so beautiful.
Fire Tablet: And I just don't want to.
Fire Tablet: Like she says, I'm sorry, all the time like me.
Fire Tablet: And I hate that. And I know that that's me rubbing off on her.
Fire Tablet: So, things like that. It's not like where I want to stay away from her because of a bad thing. It's because I just don't want to just, I don't want to
Fire Tablet: I don't
Fire Tablet: I don't, I don't want her to
Fire Tablet: Ever
Fire Tablet: Feel the way that I feel or feel because of me those horrible negative things. I don't want to damage her
Fire Tablet: I don't want to do what my mom did to me.
Fire Tablet: I don't want to do what
Fire Tablet: Others.
Fire Tablet: Did
Gwenevere Abriel: And are you able to sit with the things you find beautiful about her. Do you see that your influences there as well.
Fire Tablet: Hold on one second.
Fire Tablet: Yeah.
Fire Tablet: Um, yes I do. I see that
Fire Tablet: She's a little oddball like me. She's
Fire Tablet: She's an artist. She's definitely an artist because she sees
Fire Tablet: The world in a very beautiful way like she'll say things like, when she was a baby like three, you're in the car and
Fire Tablet: She was learning how to talk and she had to do some speech therapy and stuff like that. And she said something that I will never, ever, ever forget and it showed me just how beautiful her soul is. And she goes, Mommy. The windows are crying and it was raining.
Fire Tablet: And
Fire Tablet: And it was just like, oh god, you know, the way that she saw
Fire Tablet: Rain and the window, and she was looking deeper
Fire Tablet: She was still so small and that just showed how
Fire Tablet: How gorgeous. She really is and is just it melted my heart and it's things like that that I don't want to destroy
Fire Tablet: Things like that, that I want to stay innocent and beautiful and untouched and untainted and just
Fire Tablet: Beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: That you can always hear your kids. Megan never feel shy about that that taking care of kids is an important part of you. Okay.
Fire Tablet: What's wrong.
Fire Tablet: Your hair, something like me go.
Fire Tablet: Away.
Fire Tablet: Sorry, I was like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, it's just me. So there's no, it's okay, it's just me. Right.
Fire Tablet: Whoa.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got a towel and a brush.
Fire Tablet: You
Fire Tablet: You are the best for 45 minutes
Fire Tablet: Are you a pickle. Yeah.
Fire Tablet: You want, what you want to eat me now. Oh, do on an issue and
Fire Tablet: It took us over London. Yes, you could be a cucumber cucumber along the other
Fire Tablet: My hurting you.
Fire Tablet: Oh wait, hold on. One more spot. There you go.
Fire Tablet: You may
Fire Tablet: I love you.
Fire Tablet: Will say
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you just talk about what just now.
Gwenevere Abriel: me right now. What is this right now.
Fire Tablet: That's a
Fire Tablet: Guilt
Gwenevere Abriel: She can hear. He's remembering the windows crying because I
My
Fire Tablet: Hobby
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's do a sound check, check, check, check.
Fire Tablet: Did you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I had my volume down. Tell me what what
Gwenevere Abriel: Windows crying.
Fire Tablet: I hope that are
Fire Tablet: Harder soon.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay go all the way through. She came in the room, brush your hair, but that was like you had a little, little conversation with her.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then there's this noticing she's hearing. Just watch yourself what it has this real time experience been like
Fire Tablet: She came into the room and I was worried because i don't i don't like
Fire Tablet: I don't like them being on camera.
Fire Tablet: At all. I want to be buddies see them.
Fire Tablet: But then it is just you so
Fire Tablet: Then it's okay for me, it felt better because it is just you.
Fire Tablet: And they don't want anybody on camera, seeing them because I'm afraid, like some pedophiles gonna walk home or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can, I can see that I got you.
Fire Tablet: And
Fire Tablet: She wants. She wants me to brush your hair because she likes it when I brush your hair. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was it like to take time. We were just talking about her right at that moment, and she came in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe, maybe not. Maybe she was listening. Maybe she wasn't but there she was. And you brush your hair. What was it like to brush.
Fire Tablet: It was like
Gwenevere Abriel: She's been you now.
Fire Tablet: Can you go out for a minute. Thank you, baby.
Fire Tablet: It was like
Fire Tablet: She knew I was talking about her. It was like that.
Fire Tablet: But brushing her hair.
Fire Tablet: Is something that I wish that my mother would have done for me in a kind way. So when I brush your hair. I always try to make sure that I don't hurt her.
Fire Tablet: Because my mommy's to pull my hair and to tell me I'm moving and she would like grabbed my hair like in a ball and like jerk my head around in a hurt. Oh, yeah.
Fire Tablet: I never wanted to do that to my little girl. I always wanted to make her feel like
Fire Tablet: My touches gentle and and I'm gentle I'm gentle to you.
Fire Tablet: And I love the way that she smells and
Fire Tablet: I like she calls me so she talks like a little baby when she says, Mommy, but I love it. She goes, Bobby.
Fire Tablet: Hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: Debbie knows
Fire Tablet: Yeah, like a stuffy nose and she goes, lovely. I love the lovely and
Fire Tablet: It's
Fire Tablet: My favorite thing in the whole world.
Fire Tablet: I'm
Fire Tablet: It.
Fire Tablet: And
Fire Tablet: I don't know, I just, I like having moments with them any moment with them is is a wonderful moment.
Fire Tablet: But it just feels some of the time, it feels forced for me.
Fire Tablet: Sometimes it's just like get away
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that that's every parent has that
Fire Tablet: And then I feel guilty.
Gwenevere Abriel: Every parent has that
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's that moment earlier. Let's just hold on to that one for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: If she was listening.
Gwenevere Abriel: what it looked like out here. Was she gave you an opportunity
Gwenevere Abriel: To have intimacy healthy intimacy love. I know you like brushing my hair. I like brushing my hair. And so she did that, she came in the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: And made that possible for you to to connect you're giving yourself kind of a hard time. I wasn't this ideal whatever you were saying about your relationship with her and she came in.
Gwenevere Abriel: And repaired it she made it possible for you to repair. You didn't push her away. You may have been tempted to but I said do the mommy thing you did it. Okay, and you got to feel good and then you got to remember, that's my favorite thing. I love it when she says I love you, papi right
Mm hmm.
Fire Tablet: Yeah, that's a good point.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you could look at it the other way. I don't know why she was listening.
Gwenevere Abriel: Listen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kids are very bright. They pick up on what's going on around them.
Fire Tablet: They are their little geniuses and I am boxes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So part of not making them crazy is we don't deny their reality.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know,
Fire Tablet: I just worry that I heard her, you know, what if I
Fire Tablet: Just love her so much.
Fire Tablet: And
Fire Tablet: I feel like I push them away more than I should.
Fire Tablet: But they're, they're so they're so smart, and they're so wise and they are truly a comfort to me.
Fire Tablet: But I worry, most of all, the biggest thing that I worry about
Fire Tablet: Is that I've made them worry about me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's right in there. We say they're, they're a big comfort to me they're comforting to me I worried that they're worried about me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there is just not language. There is a possibility. So, but let's look at the other way around. What do you do in the role of parent that's just in the position of you taking care of them. What are like five things that you do I there. The know does stuff, but just hear yourself, Sam.
Fire Tablet: was apparent. What do you make sure that they're
Fire Tablet: Fed I make sure that their baby.
Fire Tablet: I
Fire Tablet: Work.
Fire Tablet: To work on school work with them. I
Fire Tablet: drive them to school from school and school is open.
Fire Tablet: I
Fire Tablet: I buy them. The things that they want and the things that they need.
Fire Tablet: So I think
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's, that's a lot. So you do all those things to
Gwenevere Abriel: What about on an emotional level, what do you do
Fire Tablet: I think that lullaby. Yeah.
Fire Tablet: I
Fire Tablet: I give kisses and hugs and bunches of love everyone that's what we do is this. So a kiss. And then we give a hug, and then we rub noses for bunches of love.
Okay.
Fire Tablet: I'm
Fire Tablet: Gareth and McKenna and I have a competition every day. Whoever says
Fire Tablet: The love thing that we say first wins. So with Jerry, if I say
Fire Tablet: I love you to infinity Googleplex.
Fire Tablet: And or I love you more than Anthony Googleplex which is like the biggest number in the world.
Fire Tablet: Right. So whichever one of us says that first wins that day and then with McKenna. It's, I love you to the moon and back.
Fire Tablet: And
Fire Tablet: Whoever says it first wins that day.
Fire Tablet: So that, that's something emotional
Fire Tablet: But it's a lot of words and there's a lot of touch missing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you did start the day with giving kisses and hugs and rubbing noses. So there's touching there.
Fire Tablet: Yeah. And that doesn't happen all the time, and sometimes is a bedtime, but
Fire Tablet: I don't know. But maybe you're right, maybe I do not myself too much. That's what the Family Therapist said about me. She says that
Fire Tablet: She's never had a moment beat yourself up so much
Fire Tablet: That's what she said in our meeting. She was like,
Fire Tablet: You just be yourself up and you can't take a compliment.
Fire Tablet: When somebody tells you you're doing something positive with your children. You see the negative, you know, and she didn't say it exactly in those words she probably said it therapeutically much better.
Fire Tablet: But that's the gist that I got from it was
Fire Tablet: Was that
Gwenevere Abriel: We are right here at the top of this hour, let's let's pull back a little and just run through
Gwenevere Abriel: What was important for you today. Okay.
Fire Tablet: I'm important was brushing my daughter's hair.
Fire Tablet: And actually it was kind of important that you got to meet her senior. That's a big moment.
Fire Tablet: Important was
Fire Tablet: Even
Fire Tablet: Talking around that song.
Fire Tablet: Okay, that's more than what I would typically do I would stop it nip it in the bud end it right there. It's done. We're done. So, even me saying that song more that song that word that song.
Fire Tablet: Is still more than what it would have been six months ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Aware and report on
Gwenevere Abriel: That you're aware of some some progress of desensitization is happening. It means that it's not across the other side of the planet. It's now maybe in the same country and you're aware, and that's that's progress.
Fire Tablet: Yeah and that and i and i see it because I wouldn't even I won't say the name of the song. If I can avoid it at all costs, but I'll say that song and even talking to you about that song is a is a big step for me.
Fire Tablet: I don't think I could have done that a year ago or told you even six months ago.
Fire Tablet: I don't think I could have told you
Fire Tablet: How I really feel about that song. And what it does to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did it.
Fire Tablet: Very good. So that's why I think that's important. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Fire Tablet: And I also let you in a little bit. I told you some personal things like my tattoos and
Fire Tablet: That's important.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure did. I wrote down you know this. The Stacey and Sparrow and the lullaby and the cherry blossom and I do, I feel, I feel that in
Principle. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: The
Gap.
Fire Tablet: Telling you more things that are not
Fire Tablet: The special thing.
Haha
Gwenevere Abriel: That's risky.
Fire Tablet: It is it is risky but I think you've earned it.
Fire Tablet: I do
Fire Tablet: So, no we am Dr. Today, but maybe maybe in the afternoon.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's funny when people say that this was end or
Fire Tablet: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is preparation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Preparation
Gwenevere Abriel: It's all it's all treatment.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's all just because we're not doing the finger waggle doesn't mean we're not doing it.
Fire Tablet: That's a good point cliche cliche.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's all
Gwenevere Abriel: Just pacing what's needed what's needed
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a waste of your time. If we go do something and there's not a readiness for it. That's not, that's not being careful. So we're being careful
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not smart.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you did a lot of things in here actually be curious to
Fire Tablet: Continue this kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Into your life. We also talked about your ability to send a message when you want to maybe opening that little crack in the door just sort of like a I can
Send.
Gwenevere Abriel: I kind of feel empowered. I know I can respond, you have a little avatar that you can listen to two and see meals and have some journaling around how that feels. Did I go to. I forgot.
Gwenevere Abriel: About it, though, lots of pieces I think to play with.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we set for
Fire Tablet: Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can you believe this. Do you know what next Friday, May.
Fire Tablet: May jays birthday is coming up. Oh.
Fire Tablet: Antennas. Oh my god, he's gonna be 11 and she's going to be 10
Fire Tablet: Big
Gwenevere Abriel: The babies.
Fire Tablet: Crazy. Oh really.
Fire Tablet: I cry on their birthdays every year. So
Gwenevere Abriel: I am I, where am I going to, I try to keep track on my, my little agenda here when people for their crew. Do you have a sense of
Fire Tablet: Oh, yes. What's the date. Oh, I was supposed to go. This week on
Fire Tablet: Oh, man.
Gwenevere Abriel: I had, I don't know, I'll be honest, I don't know. I
Fire Tablet: Oh, I don't know. I'm I can go, well, this week I have to go. I have to meet that pain doctor and Tuesday, so I will go. The week after that window crunch too much all in because I will be like $120 right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want me to say, May 4
Fire Tablet: Yes. May the fourth be with us.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey. You're adorable.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Far out. Do you need me to message anything to the doc. Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: Megan was here, she needs a refill na na na na na na to give me a message.
Fire Tablet: Oh, no. No, I'm okay we're good right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll see you in your next session. And let's see what
Fire Tablet: Thank you again for everything. As always,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're welcome.
Fire Tablet: You have a good day.
Fire Tablet: Bye.
Gwenevere Abriel: Real quick yes I'm logged out log back in. I'm doing the same we'll come right back instantly.
Matthew Montano: Okay to refresh it or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm right back.